Add dev container and updated dev documentation with other cleanups (#2)
LibrePhotos/librephotos.docs: _posts/Installation/0000-01-02-alt_install copy.md

---
title: "Alternative Methods"

> excerpt: "Alternative Methods to install Libre Photos."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "Alternative methods to install LibrePhotos."
```
Grammar

last_modified_at: 2020-01-18
category: 1 
---

## Overview

> This page will hold alternative install methods. Have you installed Libre Photos in a different way? If so please let us know so that we can add how you did it here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will hold alternative install methods. If you've installed LibrePhotos in a different way to those already documented, let us know by opening an issue, or talking to us on IRC or Discord!
```
Readability, conciseness, and flow improvements
